How to configure zhouyi NPU reset function on your SoC chip?

1. Zhouyi Z1/Z2/Z3
------------------
Zhouyi Z1/Z2/Z3 NPUs do not support soft reset function itself. SoC vendors should add this
feature in SoC level and provide a reset related register externally for driver to use.

Zhouyi driver reserve a group of interfaces for you to integrate NPU reset function. Please
follow these steps to bring up this feature:

    1. implement reset/clock gating function in SoC hardware and provide a control register;
    2. configure the reset control register address into NPU devicetree file (for details
       please read the README.txt or integration guide doc. in kmd source);
    3. implement a second platform_get_resource() for the SoC reset control register
       in the driver probe phase (suggested after the 1st platform_get_resource for NPU registers);
    4. implement the enable_clk()/disable_clk() interfaces defined in aipu_soc_operations, or
       implement your own reset interfaces and add them into aipu_soc_operations; in the above
       implementations, configure the reset control register you defined and obtained in step 1~3;
    5. pass the aipu_soc_operations struct you defined to the probe function and call the reset
       function in your desired positions (you may refer to default/default.c); generally, you should
       reset the NPU if a runtime error/exception occurs;

2. Zhouyi X1
------------
Zhouyi X1 NPUs support soft reset function. Host CPU can trigger a soft reset operation by
configuring external register: Soft Reset Reister (0x200). You can find the speficication
of this register in the Zhouyi X1 NPU TRM doc.

By default, Zhouyi NPU driver has implement this feature. The soft reset should be triggered in
the following situations:

    1. insmod/rmmod Zhouyi kernel mode driver;
    2. a runtime exception/fault occurs in a NPU job;
    3. user triggered by configuring the sysfs interface (for debug usage);

You may also add your specific implementations about soft reset.

3. Zhouyi X2
------------
Zhouyi X2 NPUs support soft reset function. Host CPU can trigger a soft reset operation by
configuring external register: TSM Soft Reset Register (0x20). You can find the speficication
of this register in the Zhouyi X2 NPU TRM doc.

Please be noted that a command pool abortion command will result in a soft reset internally
as well. You should try to use command pool abortion first rather than to use soft reset directly.

By default, Zhouyi NPU driver has implement this feature. The soft reset should be triggered in
the following situations:

    1. insmod/rmmod Zhouyi kernel mode driver (reset the whole NPUs);
    2. a runtime exception/fault occurs in an NPU job (to be fully supported);

You may also add your specific implementations about soft reset.